attributeName	code	definition
watershed	EB	East Bear
watershed	WB	West Bear
record_type	REG	regular sample
record_type	DUP	field duplicate
record_type	REP	laboratory analytical replicate
record_type	ISCO	autosampler
season	WINTER	DJF
season	SPRING	MAM
season	SUMMER	JJA
season	FALL	SON
Mg_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
K_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
NO3_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
NO3_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
NH4_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
NH4_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
DOC_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
DOC_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
DIC_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
total_N_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
total_N_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
total_P_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
total_P_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
Si_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
Si_flag	DL	below the detection limit 
apparent_color_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
true_color_flag	RL	below the reporting limit 
